Feat/baudrate deps (#183)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-dtm: Changelog.md

## 2.5.0 - Unreleased

### Added

> -   Option to change the baud rate in order to use custom firmwares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Drop-down menu for changing the baud rate in order to use custom firmwares.
```
